the wii version of batman arkham
origins will be the cheapest version of
all those that exist in the market but
this has a because they have already
confirmed all the prices of the
different versions of batman arkham
origins for the American market and
we have met with the great
surprise that the version of wii u is
a cheaper version will cost less
purchase on this platform
desktop from nintendo let's see by
what is that although the delivery of the game
in wii you will have a season pass
to access each and every one of the
additional content that is released
for the title this edition does not have
online multiplayer mode as if
we had the version of playstation 3 or
xbox 360 is something that many are going to
annoy there are people who like a lot
the multiplayer mode in the titles
but there are people who do not play to him
both the people who do not play the
multiplayer I think that this time
yes that benefits in this lack
of online multiplayer mode it seems
have been let's say a reason more than
enough to offer the game at 50
dollars while the other versions
they are going to sell at 60 dollars
talking about 10 dollars difference in
the case of europe will surely be ten
euros the european stores are
putting at least for now the same
price on all the consoles so
we could say that we would also have
that make that difference of ten euros
in the case of europe in 'batman arkham
origin also tell you that what
regarding the game the game is going to be
completely identical in contents in
the other areas of the game includes the
same campaign for a player and will have
the same downloadable contents
additional the season pass in
Europe will cost 19 with 99 euros in all
the platforms we will see technically
if in guild it is tip more than in the rest
of consoles to see if we meet
some graphic improvement taking advantage of
characteristics of this impressive
gpu Wii